# AZFW0008: Invalid Cardinality

| | Value |
|-|-|
| **Rule ID** |AZFW0008|
| **Category** |[AzureFunctionsSyntax]|
| **Severity** |Error|

## Cause

This rule is triggered when an Input Binding or Trigger of an Azure Function has an invalid Cardinality.

## Rule description

"Cardinality" dictates whether or not an input is batched together or processed individually. It is defined by using the argument "IsBatched" in an Azure Functions Input Binding or Trigger attribute. When IsBatched is true, Cardinality is set to `Many`. When IsBatched is false, Cardinality is set to `One`.

All Input Bindings and Triggers must correctly declare a compatible "IsBatched" value and parameter input type. For example, for bindings and triggers where `IsBatched = true`, the input parameter type must be an iterable collection like `string[]` or `List<string>`. Combining `IsBatched = true` with a parameter of `string[]` is valid, but combining `IsBatched = true` with a parameter of `string` is invalid.

_**Note:**_ The default value of `IsBatched` changes depending on the Input Binding or Trigger type. The default value of `IsBatched` for each type can be found in the dotnet-isolated [extensions libraries](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-dotnet-worker/tree/main/extensions). If a value is not explicitly provided in the named arguments of the attribute, the default value will be used.

## How to fix violations

If an Input Binding or Trigger has `IsBatched = true` (explicitly or by default), the input parameter type must be changed to an iterable collection. Otherwise, `IsBatched` needs to be set to false.

## When to suppress warnings

This rule should not be suppressed because this error will prevent your Azure Functions from running.
