# AZFW0004: Extension startup type is missing parameterless constructor

| | Value |
|-|-|
| **Rule ID** |AZFW0004|
| **Category** |[Startup]|
| **Severity** |Error|

## Cause

This rule is triggered when a worker extension startup type does not have a parameterless constructor.

## Rule description

Extensions which are interested in participating in the application startup routine should do the below steps.

1. Create a class which derives from `Microsoft.Azure.Functions.Worker.Core.WorkerExtensionStartup`. Override the `Configure` method to configure the application as needed.
2. Use the `WorkerExtensionStartup` assembly attribute and pass the type information of the newly created extension startup class.

During application startup, the worker runtime will try to create a new instance of the extension startup class using it's default constructor. So, if the class does not have a default constructor (public parameterless constructor), this operation will fail and prevent the extension from participating in the startup.

## How to fix violations

To fix violations, create a public parameterless constructor on the extension startup type.

Sample code with violation, before the fix

```cs
public class FooExtensionStartup : WorkerExtensionStartup
{
    public FooExtensionStartup(string name)
    {

    }

    public override void Configure(IFunctionsWorkerApplicationBuilder applicationBuilder)
    {
        // configure applicationBuilder as needed.
    }
}
```

Sample code, after the fix

```cs
public class FooExtensionStartup : WorkerExtensionStartup
{
    public override void Configure(IFunctionsWorkerApplicationBuilder applicationBuilder)
    {
        // configure applicationBuilder as needed.
    }
}

```

## When to suppress warnings

This rule should not be suppressed, if extensions want to participate in startup.
