src/WebJobs.Script.SiteExtension/readme.md, before:

# Site Extension

This project is responsible for building the artifacts we ship to antares as a site extension.

## Usage

Like any MSBuild project, this can be restored, build, and published separately or together.

``` shell
# Together
dotnet publish -c {config}

# Separately
dotnet restore -p:PublishReadyToRun=true # needs to be set to true (fixed in .net9 SDK)
dotnet build -c {config} --no-restore
dotnet publish -c {config} --no-build
```

By default the outputs will not be zipped. To the zip the final outputs, add `-p:ZipAfterPublish=true` to the `publish` command.


## Outputs

The output site extension can be found at `{repo_root}/out/pub/WebJobs.Script.SiteExtension/{config}_{tfm}_win`. When using `-p:ZipAfterPublish=true`, the zipped package is found at `{repo_root}/out/pkg/{config}`

## Private Site Extension

Private site extension (PSE) is not generated as part of building this project. To get a private site extension, navigate to the [publish output](#outputs) and run `New-PrivateSiteExtension.ps1`


``` powershell
# Generates a zipped x64 PSE by default
./New-PrivateSiteExtension.ps1

# To generate x86 / 32bit:
./New-PrivateSiteExtension.ps1 -Bitness x86


# Can skip zipping the extension:
./New-PrivateSiteExtension.ps1 -NoZip
```

Commit message:

Add Compress-SiteExtension.ps1 (#10793) (#10797)
* Add Compress-SiteExtension.ps1

* Add log for copying JIT trace file

* Add .jitmarker file

src/WebJobs.Script.SiteExtension/readme.md, after:

# Site Extension

This project is responsible for building the artifacts we ship to antares as a site extension.

## Usage

Like any MSBuild project, this can be restored, build, and published separately or together.

``` shell
# Together
dotnet publish -c {config}

# Separately
dotnet restore -p:PublishReadyToRun=true # needs to be set to true (fixed in .net9 SDK)
dotnet build -c {config} --no-restore
dotnet publish -c {config} --no-build
```

By default the outputs will not be zipped. To the zip the final outputs, add `-p:ZipAfterPublish=true` to the `publish` command.


## Outputs

The output site extension can be found at `{repo_root}/out/pub/WebJobs.Script.SiteExtension/{config}_{tfm}_win`. When using `-p:ZipAfterPublish=true`, the zipped package is found at `{repo_root}/out/pkg/{config}`

# Site Extension

A compressed site extension can be produced one of two ways:

1. Publish with `-p:ZipAfterPublish=true`. The zipped package will then be found at `{repo_root}/out/pkg/{config}`
2. If published without zipping, navigate to `{repo_root}/out/pub/WebJobs.Script.SiteExtension/{config}_win` and run `Compress-SiteExtension.ps1`
   1. jit trace files can also be inserted at time of compression with this method.

``` powershell
# Produces the .zip site extension by default
./Compress-SiteExtension.ps1

# Produce the zip, inserting JIT trace files beforehand.
./Compress-SiteExtension.ps1 -JitTrace "path/to/file.jittrace", "path/to/file2.jittrace"
```

## Private Site Extension

Private site extension (PSE) is not generated as part of building this project. To get a private site extension, navigate to the [publish output](#outputs) and run `New-PrivateSiteExtension.ps1`


``` powershell
# Generates a zipped x64 PSE by default
./New-PrivateSiteExtension.ps1

# To generate x86 / 32bit:
./New-PrivateSiteExtension.ps1 -Bitness x86


# Can skip zipping the extension:
./New-PrivateSiteExtension.ps1 -NoZip
```
